docs/quickstart.md, before:

# Quick start

It is recommended to install `docsify-cli` globally, which helps initializing and previewing the website locally.

```bash
npm i docsify-cli -g
```

## Initialize

If you want to write the documentation in the `./docs` subdirectory, you can use the `init` command.

```bash
docsify init ./docs
```

## Writing content

After the `init` is complete, you can see the file list in the `./docs` subdirectory.

* `index.html` as the entry file
* `README.md` as the home page
* `.nojekyll` prevents GitHub Pages from ignoring files that begin with an underscore

You can easily update the documentation in `./docs/README.md`, of course you can add [more pages](more-pages.md).

## Preview your site

Run the local server with `docsify serve`. You can preview your site in your browser on `http://localhost:3000`.

```bash
docsify serve docs
```

?> For more use cases of `docsify-cli`, head over to the [docsify-cli documentation](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-cli).

## Manual initialization

If you don't like `npm` or have trouble installing the tool, you can manually create `index.html`:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge,chrome=1">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4/themes/vue.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app"></div>
  <script>
    window.$docsify = {
      //...
    }
  </script>
  <script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4"></script>
</body>
</html>
```

### Specifying docsify versions

?> Note that in both of the examples below, docsify URLs will need to be manually updated when a new major version of docsify is released (e.g. `v4.x.x` => `v5.x.x`). Check the docsify website periodically to see if a new major version has been released.

Specifying a major version in the URL (`@4`) will allow your site will receive non-breaking enhancements (i.e. "minor" updates) and bug fixes (i.e. "patch" updates) automatically. This is the recommended way to load docsify resources.

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4/themes/vue.css" />
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4"></script>
```

If you prefer to lock docsify to a specific version, specify the full version after the `@` symbol in the URL. This is the safest way to ensure your site will look and behave the same way regardless of any changes made to future versions of docsify.

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.11.4/themes/vue.css">
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.11.4"></script>
```

### Manually preview your site

If you installed python on your system, you can easily use it to run a static server to preview your site.

```bash
cd docs && python -m SimpleHTTPServer 3000
```

## Loading dialog

If you want, you can show a loading dialog before docsify starts to render your documentation:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<div id="app">Please wait...</div>
```

You should set the `data-app` attribute if you changed `el`:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<div data-app id="main">Please wait...</div>

  <script>
    window.$docsify = {
      el: '#main'
    }
  </script>
```

Compare [el configuration](configuration.md#el).

Commit message:

docs: Improve Quick start instructions (#1458)
* docs: Improve Quick start instructions

- Slightly tweak Python server instructions to be more generic
- Clarify the section about customizing the main container

* Update quickstart.md

Co-authored-by: 沈唁 <52o@qq52o.cn>

docs/quickstart.md, after:

# Quick start

It is recommended to install `docsify-cli` globally, which helps initializing and previewing the website locally.

```bash
npm i docsify-cli -g
```

## Initialize

If you want to write the documentation in the `./docs` subdirectory, you can use the `init` command.

```bash
docsify init ./docs
```

## Writing content

After the `init` is complete, you can see the file list in the `./docs` subdirectory.

* `index.html` as the entry file
* `README.md` as the home page
* `.nojekyll` prevents GitHub Pages from ignoring files that begin with an underscore

You can easily update the documentation in `./docs/README.md`, of course you can add [more pages](more-pages.md).

## Preview your site

Run the local server with `docsify serve`. You can preview your site in your browser on `http://localhost:3000`.

```bash
docsify serve docs
```

?> For more use cases of `docsify-cli`, head over to the [docsify-cli documentation](https://github.com/docsifyjs/docsify-cli).

## Manual initialization

If you don't like `npm` or have trouble installing the tool, you can manually create `index.html`:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge,chrome=1">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4/themes/vue.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app"></div>
  <script>
    window.$docsify = {
      //...
    }
  </script>
  <script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4"></script>
</body>
</html>
```

### Specifying docsify versions

?> Note that in both of the examples below, docsify URLs will need to be manually updated when a new major version of docsify is released (e.g. `v4.x.x` => `v5.x.x`). Check the docsify website periodically to see if a new major version has been released.

Specifying a major version in the URL (`@4`) will allow your site will receive non-breaking enhancements (i.e. "minor" updates) and bug fixes (i.e. "patch" updates) automatically. This is the recommended way to load docsify resources.

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4/themes/vue.css" />
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4"></script>
```

If you prefer to lock docsify to a specific version, specify the full version after the `@` symbol in the URL. This is the safest way to ensure your site will look and behave the same way regardless of any changes made to future versions of docsify.

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.11.4/themes/vue.css">
<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4.11.4"></script>
```

### Manually preview your site

If you have Python installed on your system, you can easily use it to run a static server to preview your site.

```bash
cd docs && python -m SimpleHTTPServer 3000
```

## Loading dialog

If you want, you can show a loading dialog before docsify starts to render your documentation:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<div id="app">Please wait...</div>
```

By default, the `id` attribute of the main container is `app`. If you want to use a different id, you must also set the `data-app` attribute, and [configure](configuration.md#el) the `el` parameter accordingly:

```html
<!-- index.html -->

<div data-app id="main">Please wait...</div>

  <script>
    window.$docsify = {
      el: '#main'
    }
  </script>
```
